When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love...  - Marcus Aurelius
Either you run the day or the day runs you. - Jim Rohn
Mondays are the start of the work week which offer new beginnings 52 times a year! - David Dweck
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction. - George Lorimer
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. - Wayne Dyer
Your Monday morning thoughts set the tone for your whole week. See yourself getting stronger, and living a fulfilling, happier & healthier life. - Germany Kent
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. - Zig Ziglar
Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself: I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it. - Groucho Marx
Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams. - Ashley Smith
When you start to do the things that you truly love, it wouldn't matter whether it is Monday or Friday; you would be so excited to wake up each morning to work on your passions. - Edmond Mbiaka
A ship is always safe at shore but that is not what it's built for. - Albert Einstein
Stress is caused by being 'here' but wanting to be 'there.' - Eckhart Tolle
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. - Dale Carnegie
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude. - Zig Ziglar
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it. - Margaret Thatcher
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much. - Jim Rohn
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value. - Albert Einstein
Morning is an important time of day, because how you spend your morning can often tell you what kind of day you are going to have. - Lemony Snicket
Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day. - Dalai Lama
Think of many things; do one. - Portuguese proverb
One of the best pieces of advice I ever got was from a horse master. He told me to go slow to go fast. I think that applies to everything in life. We live as though there aren't enough hours in the day but if we do each thing calmly and carefully we will get it done quicker and with much less stress. - Viggo Mortensen
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. - John R. Wooden
Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be. - Zig Ziglar
The starting point of all achievement is desire. - Napoleon Hill
I was thinking one day and I realized that if I just had somebody behind me all the way to motivate me I could make a big difference. Nobody came along like that so I just became that person for myself. -  Unknown
Spend eighty percent of your time focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow rather than the problems of yesterday. - Brian Tracy
Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down. - Charles F. Kettering
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars. - Brian Littrell
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. - Henry Ford
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. - Bruce Lee
The only thing worse than starting something and failing ... is not starting something. - Seth Godin
Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again. - Richard Branson
For fast-acting relief, try slowing down.  - Lily Tomlin
There is more to life than increasing its speed. - Mahatma Gandhi
It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials. - Bruce Lee
If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend six hours sharpening my ax. - Abraham Lincoln
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great. - Mark Twain
We can easily manage if we will only take, each day, the burden appointed to it. But the load will be too heavy for us if we carry yesterday's burden over again today, and then add the burden of the morrow before we are required to bear it. - John Newton
If you want to make an easy job seem mighty hard, just keep putting off doing it. - Olin Miller
Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event. - Brian Tracy
Follow effective actions with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action. - Peter Drucker
Don't mistake activity with achievement. - John Wooden
One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important. - Bertrand Russell
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. - Michael Jordan
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. - Arthur Ashe
Show me a person who has never made a mistake and I'll show you someone who has never achieved much. - Joan Collins
If you treat every situation as a life and death matter, you'll die a lot of times. - Dean Smith
Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work. - Stephen King
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. The secret of getting started is breaking your complex overwhelming tasks into small manageable tasks, and then starting on the first one. - Mark Twain
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. - Abraham Lincoln
People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy. - Tony Robbins
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. - Florence Nightingale
Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in. - Napoleon Bonaparte
There is no traffic jam along the extra mile. - Roger Staubach
Motivation is a fire from within. If someone else tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly. - Stephen R. Covey
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. - Maya Angelou
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. - Pablo Picasso
There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed. - Ray Goforth
Everything you want is on the other side of fear. - Jack Canfield
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it. - Dennis P. Kimbro
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. - C.S. Lewis
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it  - teach yourself to be impatient. - Gurbaksh Chahal
The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled. For it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers. - M. Scott Peck
For most of life, nothing wonderful happens. If you don't enjoy getting up and working and finishing your work and sitting down to a meal with family or friends, then the chances are you're not going to be very happy. If someone bases his/her happiness on major events like a great job, huge amounts of money, a flawlessly happy marriage or a trip to Paris, that person isn't going to be happy much of the time.If, on the other hand, happiness depends on a good breakfast, flowers in the yard, a drink or a nap, then we are more likely to live with quite a bit of happiness. - Andy Rooney
Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. - Lucille Ball
We become what we think about. - Earl Nightingale
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well. - Diane Ackerman
New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings. - Lao Tzu
The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it. - Marcus Aurelius
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability. - Harry F. Banks
Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you. - Mary Lou Retton
Don't wait. The time will never be just right. - Napoleon Hill
It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop. - Confucius
Life's real failure is when you do not realize how close you were to success when you gave up. - Unknown
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. -  Og Mandino
When we long for life without difficulties, remind us that oaks grow strong in contrary winds and diamonds are made under pressure. - Peter Marshall
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. - Henry David Thoreau
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. - Samuel Beckett
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone. - Neale Donald Walsh
When a resolute young fellow steps up to the great bully, the world, and takes him boldly by the beard, he is often surprised to find it comes off in his hand, and that it was only tied on to scare away the timid adventurers. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise. - Oscar Wilde
Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life. Remember that fear always lurks behind perfectionism. - David M. Burns
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. - Thomas Jefferson
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. - Milton Berle
You can't make positive choices for the rest of your life without an environment that makes those choices easy, natural, and enjoyable. - Deepak Chopra
Dreams can come true, but there is a secret. They're realized through the magic of persistence, determination, commitment, passion, practice, focus and hard work. They happen a step at a time, manifested over years, not weeks. - Elbert Hubbard
The past has no power over the present moment. - Eckhart Tolle
The best way to succeed in this world is to act on the advice you give to others. - Unknown
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams. - Les Brown
Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds. - Orison Swett Marden
Never limit yourself because of others' limited imagination; never limit others because of your own limited imagination. - Mae Jemison
When I'm old and dying, I plan to look back on my life and say, 'Wow, that was an adventure,' not, 'Wow, I sure felt safe.' - Tom Preston-Werner
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter. - Francis Chan
Nothing in the world can take the place of perseverance. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost legendary. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Perseverance and determination alone are omnipotent. - Calvin Coolidge
It takes but one positive thought when given a chance to survive and thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts. - Robert H. Schuller
When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too. - Paulo Coelho
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover. - Mark Twain
A year from now you may wish you had started today. - Karen Lamb
To laugh often and much; to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children... to leave the world a better place... to know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Don't brood. Get on with living and loving. You don't have forever. - Leo Buscaglia
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission. ~Anonymous
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. ~John Wooden
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong. ~Anonymous
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary. ~Jim Rohn
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain. ~Anonymous
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. ~Swami Vivekananda
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. ~Walt Disney
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them. ~Anonymous
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got. ~Anonymous
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. ~Winston Churchill
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly. ~Proverb
Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy. ~Anonymous
Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them. ~Vaibhav Shah
Opportunities don't happen, you create them. ~Chris Grosser
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value. ~Albert Einstein
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. ~Thomas A. Edison
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents- start charging for it. ~Kim Garst
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. ~David Brinkley
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it. ~Henry Ford
If you're going through hell keep going. ~Winston Churchill
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do. ~Anonymous
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument. ~Anonymous
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.~ Oscar Wilde
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away. ~Anonymous
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success. ~Bruce Feirstein
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you. ~Lolly Daskal
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. ~John D. Rockefeller
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.~ Anonymous
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you. ~Nathaniel Hawthorne
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. ~Albert Einstein
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting. ~Anonymous
Do one thing every day that scares you. ~Anonymous
What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable. ~Anonymous
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. ~Lolly Daskal
Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. ~Anonymous
Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it. ~Anonymous
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem. ~Anonymous
You can do anything, but not everything. ~Anonymous
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. ~Steve Jobs
There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed. ~Ray Goforth
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life. ~Dr. APJ Kalam
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. ~Thomas Jefferson
The starting point of all achievement is desire. ~Napolean Hill
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out. ~Robert Collier
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work. ~Thomas J. Watson
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone. ~Michael John Bobak
You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing. ~Philippos
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absense of fear. ~Mark Twain
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. ~Pablo Picasso
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily. ~Zig Ziglar
We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret. ~Earl Nightingale
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. ~Vidal Sassoon
The best reason to start an organization is to make meaning; to create a product or service to make the world a better place. ~Guy Kawasaki
I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing. ~Martha Stewart
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. ~Anonymous
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same. ~Colin R. Davis
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. ~Ralph Nader
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. ~Maya Angelou
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others. ~Bill Gates
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them. ~Henry Kravis
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself. ~Mark Caine
People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy. ~Tony Robbins
When I dare to be powerful - to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid. ~Audre Lorde
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. ~Mark Twain
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. ~Bruce Lee
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life -- think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. ~Swami Vivekananda
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. ~Dale Carnegie
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much. ~ Jim Rohn
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it -- teach yourself to be impatient. ~Gurbaksh Chahal
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning. ~Robert Kiyosaki
If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you! ~T. Harv Eker
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life. ~Steve Jobs
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better. ~Jim Rohn
The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors. ~Napoleon Hill
The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them. ~Denis Watiley
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it. ~Jane Smiley
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. ~George Bernard Shaw
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well. ~Diane Ackerman
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them. ~Michael Jordan
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. ~Jim Ryun
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. ~Dale Carnegie
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul. ~Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter. ~Francis Chan
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction. ~George Lorimer
To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can't just accept the ones you like. ~Mike Gafka
Success is...knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others. ~ John C. Maxwell
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. ~Wayne Dyer
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.~ Anatole France
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all. ~Dale Carnegie
You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals. ~Booker T. Washington
Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable. ~Theodore N. Vail
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. ~Herman Melville
Fortune sides with him who dares. ~Virgil
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it. ~Washington Irving
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. ~Truman Capote
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. ~John R. Wooden
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it. ~Margaret Thatcher
In the dance of life, let your heart lead, and your soul will follow.
A star doesn't compete with other stars; it just shines.
The road to success is always under construction; pave it with passion and persistence.
Courage is not the absence of fear but the triumph over it.
In the symphony of existence, find your unique melody and play it boldly.
Storms make trees take deeper roots; adversity can strengthen your resilience.
Don't count the days; make the days count.
A flower does not think of competing with the flower next to it; it just blooms.
Embrace the glorious mess that you are.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Stars can't shine without darkness; your brilliance can illuminate the world.
Let your dreams be bigger than your fears and your actions louder than your words.
The strongest actions are born out of love and kindness.
Your value doesn’t decrease based on someone’s inability to see your worth.
Life is a canvas; throw all the paint on it you can.
Don't just exist; live with intention, passion, and purpose.
Be the kind of person your dog thinks you are.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
You are never too old to set another goal or dream a new dream.
Find joy in the ordinary, and every day becomes extraordinary.
The sun watches what I do, but the moon knows all my secrets.
Happiness is an inside job; don't assign anyone else that much power over your life.
Your vibe attracts your tribe; surround yourself with positivity.
The only time you should ever look back is to see how far you've come.
Life is short; smile while you still have teeth.
Believe you can, and you're halfway there.
Be a voice, not an echo.
Your attitude determines your direction.
A smile is the shortest distance between two people.
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
Your life is your message to the world; make it inspiring.
Never let the things you want make you forget the things you have.
Chase the vision, not the money; the money will end up following you.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
Your energy introduces you before you even speak.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind; be led by the dreams in your heart.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
Your life is an occasion; rise to it.
Be a voice, not an echo.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Don't be afraid to fail; be afraid not to try.
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take.
Life is about making an impact, not an income.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
You don't have to be perfect to be amazing.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Don't wait for the perfect moment; take the moment and make it perfect.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
Dream big, work hard, stay focused.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Don't count the days; make the days count.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does—keep going.
Success is not just about making money; it's about making a difference.
Happiness is not by chance, but by choice.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Be a voice, not an echo.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Believe you can, and you're halfway there.
Life is short; make every hair flip count.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind; be led by the dreams in your heart.
Don't stop until you're proud.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Every morning brings new potential, but only if you make the most of it.
Your vibe attracts your tribe.
Make today so awesome that yesterday gets jealous.
Life is too short to worry about what others say or think about you.
Life is a journey that must be traveled no matter how bad the roads and accommodations.
Your life is a reflection of your thoughts; think positively.
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.
Your attitude determines your direction.
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Don't just exist; live with intention, passion, and purpose.
Live in the moment, but make it so beautiful that it becomes a memory.
Dream big, work hard, stay focused.
The best is yet to come.
Cherish the way you sparkle.
The only way to predict your future is to create it.
Surround yourself with those who see greatness in you, even when you don't see it in yourself.
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius -- and a lot of courage -- to move in the opposite direction.
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax.
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
Science without religion is lame. Religion without science is blind.
Great spirits have often encountered violent opposition from weak minds.
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.
Education is what remains after one has forgotten everything he learned in school.
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you, mine are still greater.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the the universe.
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
In order to form an immaculate member of a flock of sheep one must, above all, be a sheep.
If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.
Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere.
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is comprehensible.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
Try not to become just a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
It´s not that I´m so smart; it´s just that I stay with problems longer.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is to not stop questioning.
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious.
The person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
An empty stomach is not a good political adviser.
The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits.
Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity.
A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it.
If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
Men marry women with the hope they will never change. Women marry men with the hope they will change. Invariably they are both disappointed.
A person starts to live when he can live outside himself.
It would be possible to describe everything scientifically, but it would make no sense; it would be without meaning, as if you described a Beethoven symphony as a variation of wave pressure.
Let every man be respected as an individual and no man idolized.
Technological change is like an axe in the hands of a pathological criminal.
The only justifiable purpose of political institutions is to ensure the unhindered development of the individual.
Work is the only thing that gives substance to life.
Never lose a holy curiosity.
When you look at yourself from a universal standpoint, something inside always reminds or informs you that there are bigger and better things to worry about.
Paper is to write things down that we need to remember. Our brains are used to think.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
My concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
I am a slow walker, but I never walk back.
Character is like a tree and reputation its shadow. The shadow is what we think it is and the tree is the real thing.
You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was.
It is not best to swap horses while crossing the river.
You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you can not fool all of the people all of the time.
Nobody has ever expected me to be president. In my poor, lean lank face nobody has ever seen that any cabbages were sprouting.
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
In this sad world of ours, sorrow comes to all; and, to the young, it comes with bitterest agony, because it takes them unawares.
Dream, Dream, Dream, Dreams transform into thoughts And thoughts result in action.
It Is Very Easy To Defeat Someone, But It Is Very Hard To Win Someone.
For great men, religion is a way of making friends; small people make religion a fighting tool.
Dreams are not those which comes while we are sleeping, but dreams are those when you don't sleep before fulfilling them.
Don't take rest after your first victory because if you fail in second, more lips are waiting to say that your first victory was just luck.
As a child of God, I am greater than anything that can happen to me.
Climbing to the top demands strength, whether it is to the top of Mount Everest or to the top of your career.
In India we only read about death, sickness, terrorism, crime.
To succeed in your mission, you must have single-minded devotion to your goal.
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work.
If we are not free, no one will respect us.
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
Anyone can deal with victory. Only the mighty can bear defeat.
Humanitarianism is the expression of stupidity and cowardice.
The man who has no sense of history, is like a man who has no ears or eyes.
Hate is more lasting than dislike.
I do not see why man should not be just as cruel as nature.
It is not truth that matters, but victory.
Neither in this world nor elsewhere is there any happiness in store for him who always doubts.
The mind is restless and difficult to restrain, but it is subdued by practice.
Whatever you do, make it an offering to me -- the food you eat, the sacrifices you make, the help you give, even your sufferings.
It is better to live your own destiny imperfectly than to live an imitation of somebody else's life with perfection.
A gift is pure when it is given from the heart to the right person at the right time and at the right place, and when we expect nothing in return.
No one who does good work will ever come to a bad end, either here or in the world to come.
I have become Death, the destroyer of worlds.
As a man can drink water from any side of a full tank, so the skilled theologian can wrest from any scripture that which will serve His purpose.
Balance of mind is called Yoga.
It is true that the mind is restless and difficult to control. But it can be conquered, through regular practice and detachment. Those who lack self-control will find it difficult to progress in meditation; but those who are self-controlled, striving earnestly through the right means, will attain the goal.
Knowledge, the object of knowledge and the knower are the three factors, which motivate action; the senses, the work and the doer comprise the threefold basis of action.
For certain is death for the born... And certain is birth for the dead... Therefore, over the inevitable Thou shouldst not grieve.
Neither in this world nor elsewhere is there any happiness in store for him who always doubts.
The mind is restless and difficult to restrain, but it is subdued by practice.
There has never been a time when you and I have not existed, nor will there be a time when we will cease to exist. As the same person inhabits the body through childhood, youth, and old age, so too at the time of death he attains another body. The wise are not deluded by these changes.
Those who eat too much or eat too little, who sleep too much or sleep too little, will not succeed in meditation. But those who are temperate in eating and sleeping, work and recreation, will come to the end of sorrow through meditation.
Still your mind in me, still yourself in me, and without a doubt you shall be united with me, Lord of Love, dwelling in your heart.
Be free from fear. Be fearless and have faith in the divine.
Not by refraining from action does man attain freedom from action. Not by mere renunciation does he attain supreme perfection.
As person abandons worn-out clothes and acquires new ones, so when the body is worn out a new one is acquired by the Self, who lives within.
Out of compassion I destroy the darkness of their ignorance. From within them I light the lamp of wisdom and dispel all darkness from their lives.
No work stains a man who is pure, who is in harmony, who is master of his life, whose soul is one with the soul of all.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than a wild beast; a wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend will wound your mind.
The tongue like a sharp knife... Kills without drawing blood.
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
It is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles. Then the victory is yours. It cannot be taken from you, not by angels or by demons, heaven or hell.
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?
In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
There is nothing more dreadful than the habit of doubt. Doubt separates people. It is a poison that disintegrates friendships and breaks up pleasant relations. It is a thorn that irritates and hurts; it is a sword that kills.
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
A jug fills drop by drop.
Without health life is not life; it is only a state of languor and suffering - an image of death.
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
He who loves 50 people has 50 woes; he who loves no one has no woes.
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill.
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
Hatred does not cease through hatred at any time. Hatred ceases through love. This is an unalterable law.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
A person should not be too honest. Straight trees are cut first and Honest people are screwed first.
Before you start some work, always ask yourself three questions – Why am I doing it, What the results might be and Will I be successful. Only when you think deeply and find satisfactory answers to these questions, go ahead.
A good wife is one who serves her husband in the morning like a mother does, loves him in the day like a sister does and pleases him like a prostitute in the night.
Once you start a working on something, don't be afraid of failure and don't abandon it. People who work sincerely are the happiest.
The biggest guru-mantra is: Never share your secrets with anybody. If you cannot keep secret with you , do not expect that other will keep it. ! It will destroy you.
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no Friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth.
People's Fury is above all the furies.
God is not present in idols. Your feelings are your god. The soul is your temple.
Education is the Best Friend. An Educated Person is Respected Everywhere. Education beats the Beauty and the Youth.
The serpent, the king, the tiger, the stinging wasp, the small child, the dog owned by other people, and the fool: these seven ought not to be awakened from sleep.
O wise man! Give your wealth only to the worthy and never to others. The water of the sea received by the clouds is always sweet.
Even if a snake is not poisonous, it should pretend to be venomous.
Never make friends with people who are above or below you in status. Such friendships will never give you any happiness.
Books are as useful to a stupid person as a mirror is useful to a blind person.
Test a servant while in the discharge of his duty, a relative in difficulty, a friend in adversity, and a wife in misfortune.
The life of an uneducated man is as useless as the tail of a dog which neither covers its rear end, nor protects it from the bites of insects.
One whose knowledge is confined to books and whose wealth is in the possession of others, can use neither his knowledge nor wealth when the need for them arises.
As a single withered tree, if set aflame, causes a whole forest to burn, so does a rascal son destroy a whole family.
There is poison in the fang of the serpent, in the mouth of the fly and in the sting of a scorpion; but the wicked man is saturated with it.
He whose son is obedient to him, whose wife's conduct is in accordance with his wishes, and who is content with his riches has his heaven here on earth.
Avoid him who talks sweetly before you but tries to ruin you behind your back, for he is like a pitcher full of poison with milk on top.
As water collected in a tank gets pure by filtration, so accumulated wealth is preserved by being employed in charity.
Time perfects men as well as destroys them.
It is better to have only one son endowed with good qualities than a hundred devoid of them.
For the moon though one, dispels the darkness, which the stars, though numerous, do not.
A wicked wife, a false friend, a saucy servant and living in a house with a serpent in it are nothing but death.
Do not put your trust in rivers, men who carry weapons, beasts with claws or horns, women, and members of a royal family.
Those parents who do not educate their sons are their enemies; for as is a crane among swans, so are ignorant sons in a public assembly.
Trees on a riverbank, a woman in another man's house, and kings without counselors go without doubt to swift destruction.
Lakshmi, the Goddess of wealth, comes of Her own accord where fools are not respected, grain is well stored up, and the husband and wife do not quarrel.
The Goddess of wealth is unsteady, and so is the life breath. The duration of life is uncertain, and the place of habitation is uncertain; but in all this inconsistent world religious merit alone is immovable.
A father who is a chronic debtor, an adulterous mother, a beautiful wife, and an unlearned son are enemies in one's own home.
Do not pass between two brahmanas, between a brahmana and his sacrificial fire, between a wife and her husband, a master and his servant, and a plough and an ox.
Beauty is spoiled by an immoral nature; noble birth by bad conduct; learning, without being perfected; and wealth by not being properly utilised.
There are three gems upon this earth; food, water, and pleasing words -- fools consider pieces of rocks as gems.
I always like walking in the rain, so no one can see me crying.
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles.
A man's true character comes out when he's drunk.
We think too much and feel too little.
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.
Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot.
To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it.
You'll find that life is still worthwhile, if you just smile.
What do you want meaning for? Life is desire, not meaning.
My pain may be the reason for somebody's laugh. But my laugh must never be the reason for somebody's pain.
I will not join any club who will take me as a member.
I remain just one thing, and one thing only, and that is a clown. It puts me on a far higher place than any politician.
The saddest thing I can imagine is to get used to luxury.
Laughter is the tonic, the relief, the surcease for pain.
I suppose that's one of the ironies of life doing the wrong thing at the right moment.
All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl.
Brunettes are troublemakers. They're worse than the Jews.
Man as an individual is a genius. But men in the mass form the headless monster, a great, brutish idiot that goes where prodded.
This is a ruthless world and one must be ruthless to cope with it.
Dictators free themselves, but they enslave the people.
Simplicity is a difficult thing to achieve.
Humor is the sublime wisdom of pity and tolerance in which man recognizes the utter futility of his own enterprise and importance.
Doing something with the public in mind is doing something without your own mind.
I'd sooner be called a successful crook than a destitute monarch.
Whiskey! Never tasted such beastly stuff in my life! In a civilized country they drink wine.
Movies are a fad. Audiences really want to see live actors on a stage.
In this desperate way, I started many a comedy.
There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.
All things truly wicked start from innocence.
I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?
Today is only one day in all the days that will ever be. But what will happen in all the other days that ever come can depend on what you do today.
Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
I drink to make other people more interesting.
Write drunk; edit sober.
All thinking men are atheists.
When people talk, listen completely. Most people never listen.
Never confuse movement with action.
An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools.
The hard part about writing a novel is finishing it.
In order to write about life first you must live it.
When you start to live outside yourself, it's all dangerous.
Intelligence is so damn rare and the people who have it often have such a bad time with it that they get bitter or propagandistic and then it's not much use.
Death is like an old whore in a bar--I'll buy her a drink but I won't go upstairs with her.
Wine is the most civilized thing in the world.
Being against evil doesn't make you good.
Life isn't hard to manage when you've nothing to lose.
Failure is simply an opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goals.
Don't find fault, find a remedy; anybody can complain.
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.
If I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said faster horses.
Those who walk with God, always reach their destination.
Money is like an arm or leg- use it or lose it.
It is not heroes that make history, but history that makes heroes.
When there's a person, there's a problem. When there's no person, there's no problem.
Music's a good thing, it calm the beast in the man.
Death is the solution to all problems. No man - no problem.
In the Soviet Union, it's takes more courage to retreat than advance.
The only real power comes out of a long rifle.
You do not lament the loss of hair of one who has been beheaded.
When we hang the capitalists they will sell us the rope we use.
The writer is the engineer of the human soul.
A sincere diplomat is like dry water or wooden iron.
The Pope? How many divisions has he got?
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
A man is but the product of his thoughts what he thinks, he becomes.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
An ounce of practice is worth more than tons of preaching.
It is unwise to be too sure of one’s own wisdom.
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
Religions are different roads converging on the same point.
What is faith worth if it is not translated into action?
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
The greatness of a nation can be judged by the way its animals are treated.
A weak man is just by accident. A strong but non-violent man is unjust by accident.
A nation's culture resides in the hearts and in the soul of its people.
Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep.
Democracy and violence can ill go together. Evolution of democracy is not possible if we are not prepared to hear the other side.
It may be long before the law of love will be recognized in international affairs. The machinery's of government stand between and hide the hearts of one people from those of another.
It is difficult, but not impossible, to conduct strictly honest business.
I believe in equality for everyone, except reporters and photographers.
Honest disagreement is often a good sign of progress.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time.
By plucking her petals you do not gather the beauty of the flower.
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.
Music fills the infinite between two souls.
Every child comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged of man.
The biggest changes in a women's nature are brought by love; in man, by ambition.
Beauty is truth's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror.
The singer alone does not make a song, there has to be someone who hears.
Let me not look for allies in life's battlefield,But to my own strength. Let me not crave in anxious fear to be saved,But for the patience to win my freedom.
Bigotry tries to keep truth safe in its hand with a grip that kills it.
Let us not pray to be sheltered from dangers but to be fearless when facing them.
Depth of friendship does not depend on length of acquaintance.
The only test of good things is that they make us strong.
Purity, patience, and perseverance are the three essentials to success, and above all, love.
Stand up, be bold, be strong. Take the whole responsibility on your own shoulders, and know that you are the creator of your own destiny.
We must keep our dignity before others. Unless we do that, we expose ourselves to insult.
The history of the world is the history of a few men who had faith in themselves.
When death is certain, it is best to sacrifice oneself for a good cause.
Experience is the only teacher we have.
If superstition enters, the brain is gone.
Tell the truth boldly, whether it hurts or not.
The greatest sin is to think that you are weak.
Whatever is weak, avoid! It is death. If it is strength, go down into hell and get hold of it!
The fire that warms us can also consume us; it is not the fault of the fire.
You have to grow from the inside out. None can teach you, none can make you spiritual. There is no other teacher but your own soul.
In a conflict between the heart and the brain, follow your heart.
Neither seek nor avoid, take what comes.
I am proud of the fact that I never invented weapons to kill.
Good fortune is what happens when opportunity meets with planning.
I never failed once. It just happened to be a 2000-step process.
As a cure for worrying, work is better than whisky.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
So far as the religion of the day is concerned, it is a damned fake.. Religion is all bunk.
I owe my success to the fact that I never had a clock in my workroom.
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.
Be courageous! Have faith! Go forward.
I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
Relentlessness and discontent are the first necessities of progress.
Maturity is often more absurd than youth and very frequently is most unjust to youth.
I start where the last man left off.
I find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.
There is far more opportunity than there is ability.
There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid the labor of thinking.
Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1.
Never invest in a business you can’t understand.
I will tell you how to become rich. Close the doors. Be fearful when others are greedy. Be greedy when others are fearful.
The only value of stock forecasters is to make fortune tellers look good.
I don't look to jump over 7-foot bars: I look around for 1-foot bars that I can step over.
Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Price is what you pay. Value is what you get.
Whether we're talking about socks or stocks, I like buying quality merchandise when it is marked down.
Without passion, you don’t have energy. Without energy, you have nothing.
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minuted to ruin it. If you think about that you'll do things differently.
You never know who's swimming naked until the tide goes out.
Honesty is a very expensive gift, Don't expect it from cheap people.
It’s better to hang out with people better than you. Pick out associates whose behavior is better than yours and you’ll drift in that direction.
You can't produce a baby in one month by getting nine women pregnant.
When you combine ignorance and leverage, you get some pretty interesting results.
Never ask a barber if you need a haircut.